3D Arena Game

Description: There will be a 3D gaming arena with big walls surrounding it from 4 sides. A player will roam around it and has to collect coins in each level with the increasing level the hardness will increase. There will be 3 levels.A player will be allocated a certain level of life for each level and it has to. The final one will be the toughest. 

Level:1-  After certain durations some fireballs  will fall from sky  vertically and there will be coins at various places of the arena. I will move horizontally  to grab those coins. There will be 2 enemies coming from the opposite side of the arena with guns in their hands and they will try to shoot me if they see me from front. My life will decrease if they shoot me or the fireballs touch me. I can also roam around the arena and shoot the enemies.Initially I will be provided with 20 bullets.  After a certain duration of time, bullets  will respawn in the gaming arena at some places. If I collect them I will be awarded with bullets.  The camera view can be FPP and TPP. The camera can also rotate around the gaming arena.There will be heart shapes respawning  in the arena. By consuming them my life will increase by 2. If I can kill 10 enemies , I can reach the next level.

Level-2:    This level will be a little harder, and so we won't have any heart shapes in this level. We will have to finish this level with the lives given to us initially. After certain durations some fireballs  will fall from the sky  vertically and there will be coins at various places of the arena. I will move horizontally  to grab those coins. There will be 2 enemies coming from both  the opposite sides of the arena with guns in their hands and they will try to shoot me if they see me from front. My life will decrease if they shoot me or the fireballs touch me. I can also roam around the arena and shoot the enemies.Initially I will be provided with 40 bullets.  After a certain duration of time, bullets  will respawn in the gaming arena at some places. If I collect them I will be awarded with bullets.  The camera view can be FPP and TPP. The camera can also rotate around the gaming arena. In this level there will be images of bullets,automatic guns and shields(it will protect me from fireballs) at the top right corner, by clicking those  I can buy if I have an adequate amount of coins. To finish this level I need to kill 20 enemies. 

Level-3: This level will be the hardest. We will have to finish this level with the lives given to us initially. After certain durations some fireballs  will fall from the sky  vertically and there will be coins at various places of the arena. I will move horizontally  to grab those coins. There will be 2 enemies coming from all  the sides of the arena with guns in their hands and they will try to shoot me if they see me from front. My life will decrease if they shoot me or the fireballs touch me. I can also roam around the arena and shoot the enemies.Initially I will be provided with 45 bullets.  After a certain duration of time, bullets  will respawn in the gaming arena at some places. If I collect them I will be awarded with bullets.  The camera view can be FPP and TPP. The camera can also rotate around the gaming arena. In this level there will be images of bullets,automatic guns and shields(it will protect me from fireballs) at the top right corner, by clicking those  I can buy if I have an adequate amount of coins. To finish this level I need to kill 30 enemies. 





